Dear Dr. Timmes,

We thank the referee for the detailed comments.  We have address them
below and updated the paper manuscript with the AASTeX tracking-changed
enabled.


1) Lines 26-27 - breakdown --> break down. In addition, this sentence
sets the stage for much of the rest of the paper, but is sort of
caught between being very specific and the overly general. Better here
would be a quantitative statement of what physical processes cause a
"breakdown" of "coupling" and what those couplings are, in detail.

  A little more context was added.

2) Line 31 - Is it generally true that the oscillation exhibited in so
many network-dependent simulations of the approach to NSE occurs from
timestep to timestep? And only at that frequency? If so, this is a
significant feature of the problem being attacked by this scheme. If
it is not always true that the positive/negative excursions in the
calculation of equilibrium using rate equations occurs on this
distinct time scale, it would bear mentioning here.

  As long as the nuclear timescale is much shorter than the hydro timescale,
  then the oscillations should be seen between the first and second halves
  of the Strang timestep.  The change in mass fraction in a single zone
  behind a detonation was shown graphically in this paper (figure 3),
  which generally supports this statement:
  https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1742-6596/1225/1/012005

  We cited this in the Strang splitting section.

  With regards to what this paper is attacking, I think the main thing
  that we focus on is that we can do a better job at coupling at reduced
  computational cost.  This algorithm will be explored further as we use
  it on new applications -- not every problem that we work on involves NSE,
  but the new scheme is still beneficial in terms of computational speed.

3) Line 33 - "challenge for a code" is more than a bit nebulous in
this context. What is the challenge? Is the code itself responsible
for that challenge or the algorithm?

  This was clarified to refer to the reaction integration and some examples
  of failure modes were given.

4) Line 110-112 - It has been alluded to that Strang splitting into
half-timesteps specifically leads to second-order in time convergence,
but explicit mention here, in the context of what is shown in Fig. 1
would be a good addition.

  A sentence was added stating this.

5) Lines 130 and 131 - "gets" is oddly informal and inexact in this
context. Better might be "achieves" or "leads to."

  changed to "achieves"

6) Line 150 - Any specific problems realized in practice by the "post
hoc" implementation of the usual timestep limiter is, I think, pretty
much essential here. Without such specificity (i.e., if this limiting,
in general, works), improving the coupling to avoid their use borders
on simply cosmetic.

  Cutting the timestep certainly improves coupling.  These limiters
  are one way you can automate the timestep reduction.  The reason for
  this language is that while many papers will reference using
  reaction-based limiters, rarely (if ever) is there a discussion of
  how they are implemented.  Our concern with the limiters is for the
  cases where a zone is on the temperature cusp of a thermonuclear
  ignition. If we take the ~CFL timestep, we may march over that
  ignition in one step, and you may very well not want to do that,
  because a tighter coupling of the hydro and the burning may affect
  whether there even is an ignition and how an early detonation may
  form. But the conditions at the start of the timestep may not reveal
  that in the subsequent burn(s) in that timestep that the zone will
  ignite.

7) Line 170 -- "in" could be replaced with a parenthetical citation to
Bourlioux et al. (2003).

  changed

8) Line 210 -- Most ApJ readers would be most familiar with the CTU
PPM method from, say, Gardiner & Stone (2005). The use of the
construction, "predict q to the interfaces," would be less familiar to
this audience.

  We re-referenced the original CTU paper above and added a reference
  to Miller & Colella 2002, since that is a better source of the CTU
  PPM method than Gardiner & Stone (and more applicable here). A
  sentence was added explaining what predicition means.

9) Line 220 -- "For the gravitational sources..." Is there a reason
for this choice of when the gravitational sources are applied?
Convenience?

  The reason is simply that that's the way they were always done.  In
  the original PPM paper (Colella & Woodward 1984) the gravitational
  source terms are traced as part of the characteristic projection.
  A note and cite was added to that sentence.

10) Line 262-263 -- "This is different than the form..." This is an
odd construction for a piece of information that should be somewhat
obvious to the reader. If the authors wish to stress that the Jacobian
to be attacked is quite different from that found in typical nuclear
network calculation, a little detail would be useful here to delineate
what is different.

  The purpose of appendix A is to explain how it differs, but another
  sentence was added here.

11) Line 293 -- "...as a header-only library enabling it to run on
GPUs." Though the use of header-only libraries in C++ is a convenient
way to perform a port to GPU-based architectures, it is not the only
path (even when using C++!). As written, the less-engaged reader might
assume otherwise.

  Yes, this was unfortunate wording and was not meant to imply
  header-only was needed.  We've dropped the header-only part and just
  referred to modern C++.

11) Line 336 -- "...converge nearly second order" --> "We see that
both methods exhibit convergence at roughly second-order and agree
well."

   changed

12) Table 1. -- The labels on the columns in this table need to be
defined in the caption. Even more confusing is the lack of vertical
delineation of what comparisons are being made in the "rate"
columns. Either the errors from each resolution change should form the
first 3 columns with the implied convergence rates being moved to last
two columns, or some additional decoration should indicate the
"interstitial" ratio that is being taken between resolution columns.

   We adopted this format as the same style used in McCorquodale & Colella.
   Some sentences explaining the columns were added to the text body (it is
   not clear if ApJ allows long table captions).

13) Line 369-370 -- Is it solely the form of the initial perturbation
that causes the detonation to propagate inward into the WD?

  In this case, it is both the fact that the perturbation is large
  and the WD is pure C.  Smaller perturbations and mixed C/O would give
  something more akin to the double detonation model.  We are exploring
  those for a science paper.  But for this methods paper, we wanted the
  reactions to be tough, hence we hit the star hard.

14) Lines 382 & 394 -- We return to the frequency of positive/negative
fluxes in the network flow as NSE is approached with these references
to the "mottling" in the nuclear energy generation rate in Figures 4
and 6. Can the authors exhibit differences in this mottling between
strictly successive timesteps to fix the frequency at which the effect
is occurring?

   We've added a plot that attempts to show this behavior, that shows
   the changing of sign at the detonaton front.  Note that the
   fluctuations can happen within a single step, with each righthand
   side evaluation differing in sign, but perhaps with an overall
   trend that would not be seen in the plots.  Also, the fact that we
   do subcycling in time means that we output at the frequency of the
   coarse grid timestep, so we don't have information on the change
   from one fine grid step to the next within a coarse subcycle.

