Dear Dr. Timmes,

we thank the referee for their detailed report.  We have address their
comments, as we detail below.


- Since the composition is used for all the figures and it is used
to asses the burning evolution, it would be nice to see some more
details about the initial composition (and temperature profile),
for example showing it by formulae.

  A figure showing this was added, since it helps more than the
  formulae.  The formulae are still exactly those cited in the
  previous papers.

Some explicit details about the numerical scheme and the equations
would also be useful, however they are less needed to follow the
conclusions, so the authors can decide about this.

  We've added the equations solved.

  For the numerical scheme, we already state that we use an unsplit
  PPM advection method (with cites to the papers) and strang splitting
  for reactions (with a cite to one of our papers that shows the convergence
  of the implementation).  We've added a sentence about the diffusion
  operator, and a note that the overall method is second order accurate
  in space and time.


- On pg 2, ln 77 - 80, it is said that the flame looses symmetry in
3D, as apparent from Fig 1. What is the reason for this? The
numerical grid? Convection in the flame?
The authors should add a comment on this in the text.
Is this going to lead to more differences at later stages?

  The likely reason is simply roundoff error.  A note about this
  has been added.  As with any highly-nonlinear simulation, small
  differences introduced by roundoff can amplify over the course
  of a simulation, but we don't expect any qualititive differences
  to arise.

- Fig 1 is very nice and does convey the idea of the resolution and
structure of the 3D flame. However, it is a bit cryptic: it is
especially difficult to see the vertical structure, so that it
would be nice to make it clearer.

One possibility would be to add a second column, parallel to the one
already present, changing the point of view and adding the
orientation of the axes on the plot, so to have also another
perspective on the structure, especially on the vertical structure.

As for the colorbar, is the white line the opacity?
It is not fundamental to understand the paper, so perhaps it could
be removed (especially if the second column described above is
added), but I leave this to authors to decide.

   This figure has been updated.  A second column with a different
   perspective has been added.  It is hard to show the colorbar
   without the opacity line, without actually hacking on the yt
   library itself, so we leave that line in.  Also we added a triad to
   the upper right of the topmost image in each column that shows the
   orientation, with red = x, green = y, and blue = z in a righthanded
   coordinate system.

- Fig 2 and 3 are very interesting, and contribute to support the main
conclusion about the initial stages of the flame propagation being
similar in 2D and 3D, while also helping seeing the differences.

I suggest to plot both figures such that all panels have the same
size on the page and also to show vertical slices of the 3D
simulation for times 10 and 20, so to facilitate comparison between
the two setups.

This would also help understanding Fig 1.

   It is difficult to make them the same size on the page since the
   domain in the 3D run is twice as wide (because of the lack of
   azimuthal symmetry enforced by the geometry).


Perhaps the plots of the 2D simulation and the vertical slices of the
3D simulations could be paired, but this is a decision of the authors.

Further, possibly a zoom on the vertical scale would help as well,
for example cutting at 0.5 10^4 cm.

   I don't think that will help much, since the aspect ratio is constrained
   by the horizontal scale.  We do not want to artifically distort the vertical
   scale of the problem, since it is good to show the true dimensions of the
   flame.

Very minor:

- pg 1, ln 13 - 14

The reference to Galloway and Keek, 2017 should be updated, since
the book is out.

https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2021ASSL..461..209G/abstract

   updated


- pg 1, ln 30 - 31

and how affects the location where the hotspot ignites

and how IT affects the location where the hotspot ignites

    fixed


- Fig 4, caption:

Mass of species scaled to initial He mass as a function of time.

Total He mass, or total initial mass?
Because if He mass, the He fraction should start at 1.
If the initial mass if pure He, this could be specified,
but in Eiden et al., 2020, the composition is a mixture
of He and Ni, which is also what appears to be the case
here from the figure.

  It is total mass.  This has been fixed.

- Pg 4, ln 108

Specify what r and theta are.

  This was reworded.

